welcome race fans here we are at monster
bike night in Sacramento California
enjoying a wonderful night of a bunch of
guys out here and girls and guys and
families enjoying a wonderful night of
monster bike night as you can see we
have a packed house watching the latest
and greatest video of Travis Pastrana's
thrill Billy's and just in a little bit
we're going to get underway with our
thor fashion show with some of the top
models in Sacramento debuting some of
the coolest threads that for has to
offer in motocross apparel and casual
ready for the holidays so sit back and
enjoy the evening and have a few drinks
on me thanks guys love them everybody
give it up for me cable player
as you can see the details of this year
is pretty phenomenal we've got some
really cool looking blue black and
imagine carbon firing interpreter in
here the red blue you know that's
awesome in his Navy and bloom elemental
off with is out by starting six boots
now the vigil I'm wanted for the robbery
on PCP Motorsports Park scanner
personnel that what are you talkin be
poor face men's black and gray here a
level in the outputs are containers yeah
all right r pose rocking the sad here OG
dancer it's an engine lab in the recos
429 office also has an OG force helmet
and only impact chester tentacle Steve
in the house tonight I you chrissy and
you look very sexy man
how's it feel comfortable and
comfortable you also have a supply
during those last not least we have
Michelle she also was rocking a lower
phase when is here notice the beautiful
printed batteries are based on Jersey as
specifically made for the robot and also
hi Hannah that cut for the face their
pain so tell me a little bit about your
outfit
have you planned
I job just sent a very nice spin their
lives even 80 miles from campus get
another job surname he's rocking the
door waving sweatshirt useless talent
Brewers now it's okay i just thought
already walking sweatshirt and zach is
also ran for corporate hackles of the
tribune committee available whole youth
sizes from cerro coso conversation see
what's left
hey
Oh
you know for our lovely models